asm-4: Rework of the 4th chapter (#43)
0xAX/asm: content/asm_4.md

# Data manipulation

Building simple examples in the previous chapters, we have understood that a basic assembly program consists basically from two things:

- Instructions
- Operands

We know that there many types of instructions:

- Data transfer instructions
- Binary arithmetic instructions
- Logical instructions
- Control transfer instruction
- String instructions
- Other instructions like I/O instructions, flag control instructions, bits instructions.

Some of them we have seen in the previous chapters already. In this chapter we will learn more details about them.

## Data transfer instructions

> As you may guess based on the name, the data transfer instructions used to move data between memory and general-purpose registers. One of the most used and well know to us instruction is `mov`. We use it to move data between general-purpose registers, to move an immediate value to a general-purpose register, and to move data between memory and general purpose registers. The first two cases are simple. We just specify two general purpose registers which we want to use to move data. For example to copy value of the `rcx` register to `rax` we can with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data transfer instructions are used to move data between memory and general-purpose registers. One of the most commonly used and familiar instructions is `mov`. We use it to:

- Move data between general-purpose registers
- Move an immediate value to a general-purpose register
- Move data between memory and general-purpose registers 

The first two cases are simple. We just specify two general-purpose registers we want to use to move data. For example, to copy the value of the `rcx` register into `rax`, we can use:
```

```assembly
mov rax, rcx
```

> Or to put value `5` to the `rax` register:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put value `5` into the `rax` register, we use:
```

```assembly
mov rax, 5
```

> To move data between general-purpose registers and memory we should use special syntax using square brackets. For example to put the value of the `rax` register into memory address specified by the `rcx` register:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move data between general-purpose registers and memory, we should use a special syntax with square brackets. For example, to store the value of the `rax` register into the memory address specified by the `rcx` register:
```

```assembly
mov [rcx], rax
```

> In addition there are extended instructions that can be useful when you need to smaller values into larger registers. These instructions are `movsx` and `movzx`. The purpose of these instructions should be clear if you ask yourself a question - when I move an 8-bit or 16-bit value into a 32- or 64-bit register, what should happen to the unused upper bits? The `movzx` instruction fills upper bits with `0` and the `movsx` instruction copies the sign bit to upper bits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, extended instructions can be useful when you need to move smaller values into larger registers. These instructions are `movsx` and `movzx`. The purpose of these instructions should be clear if you ask yourself a question: when I move an 8-bit or 16-bit value into a 32- or 64-bit register, what should happen to the unused upper bits? The `movzx` instruction fills the upper bits with `0`, and the `movsx` instruction copies the sign bit to the upper bits.
```

Besides these instructions to move data from one place to another, there are conditional move instructions:

> - `cmove` and `cmovne` - Move if the previous comparison operation found that operands are equal (or not).
> - `cmovz` and `cmovnz` - Move if the previous comparison operation found that result is zero (or not).
> - `cmovc` and `cmovnc` - Move if the previous comparison operation set (or not) the [carry flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carry_flag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cmove` and `cmovne` - Move if the previous comparison operation found that the operands are equal (or not).
- `cmovz` and `cmovnz` - Move if the previous comparison operation found that the result is zero (or not).
- `cmovc` and `cmovnc` - Move if the previous comparison operation set the [carry flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carry_flag) (or not).
```

> - And other instructions. If you want to have more information about them, you can find them in the [5.1.1 Data Transfer Instructions chapter of Intel manual](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-sdm.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about these and other instructions, read the [5.1.1 Data Transfer Instructions chapter of the Intel manual](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-sdm.html).
```

> For example, the following code will move the value of the `rdx` to the `rax` if the are not equal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following code moves the value of the `rdx` register to `rax` if they are not equal:
```

```assembly
cmp rax, rdx
cmovne rax, rdx
```

## Binary arithmetic instructions

> We use the decimal arithmetic instructions to operate with integer numbers. We already have seen these instructions in one of the previous chapters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the decimal arithmetic instructions to operate with integer numbers. We have already seen these instructions in one of the previous chapters:
```

> - `add`  - Addition. Add the value of the second operand to the first and store the result in the first operand.
> - `sub`  - Subtraction. Subtract the value of the second operand from the first and store the result in the first operand.
> - `mul` and `imul`  - Unsigned and signed multiplication. Both instructions takes a single operand. The value of this operand is multiplied to the value of the `rax` register and the result is stored in the pair of the `rax` and `rdx` registers. The multiplication of two `n` bit numbers may lead to the `2 * n` result. That is the reason why the result is stored in the `rdx:rax` pair.
> - `div` and `idiv`  - Unsigned and signed division. Both instructions takes a single operand. The value of this operand is divided on the value of the `rax` register. The place where the result is stored depends on the size of operands. In a case of 8-bit operands, the result is stored in the `al:ah` pair. In a case of `16-bit` operands the result is stored in the `dx:ax` pair, for `32-bit` operands the result is stored in the `edx:eax`, and in the case of `64` bit operands the result is stored in the `rdx:rax` pair.
> - `inc`  - Increment the value of the first operand.
> - `dec`  - Decrement the value of the first operand.
> - `neg`  - Negate the value of the first operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `add`  - Addition. It adds the value of the second operand to the first and stores the result in the first operand.
- `sub`  - Subtraction. It subtracts the value of the second operand from the first and stores the result in the first operand.
- `mul` and `imul`  - Unsigned and signed multiplication. Both instructions take a single operand. The value of this operand is multiplied by the value of the `rax` register, and the result is stored in the `rax` and `rdx` registers. The multiplication of two `n` bit numbers may lead to the `2 * n` result. This is why the result is stored in the `rdx:rax` pair.
- `div` and `idiv`  - Unsigned and signed division. Both instructions take a single operand. The value of this operand is divided by the value of the `rax` register. The place where the result is stored depends on the size of the operands. In the case of 8-bit operands, the result is stored in the `al:ah` pair. In the case of `16-bit` operands, the result is stored in the `dx:ax` pair. For `32-bit` operands, the result is stored in the `edx:eax`, and in the case of `64-bit` operands, the result is stored in the `rdx:rax` pair.
- `inc`  - Increments the value of the first operand.
- `dec`  - Decrements the value of the first operand.
- `neg`  - Negates the value of the first operand.
```

For example:

```assembly

> ;; Increment the value of the rcx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
;; Increment the value of the rcx register
```

inc rcx

> ;; Add the value of the rcx to rdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
;; Add the value of rcx to rdx
```

Reviewer: Not sure: incremets/adds (as we are talking about "this instruction that DOES these actions"), or increment/add as just an action 🤔

Author: I'd leave just an action

add rdx, rcx
```

## Logical instructions

The logical instructions are used to execute [logical operations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_algebra#Operations):

> - `and` - Logical *and*. The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *and* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
> - `or` - Logical *or*. The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *or* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
> - `xor` - Logical *xor*. The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *xor* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
> - `not` - Logical *not*. The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *not* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `and` - The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *and* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
- `or` - The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *or* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
- `xor` - The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *xor* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
- `not` - The instruction takes two operands and performs the logical *not* operation on them. The result is stored in the first operand.
```

Reviewer: I would remove first part of the explanation, as you anyway explain in the second sentence what logical operation is performed. Also, the name of the instruction itself is quite self-explanatory. 

Also, consider to move the last sentence repeated in all instructions into a separate sentence underneath:

`The result of these operations is always stored in the first operand.`

For example:

```assembly

> ;; If rax = 1 and rbx = 0, rax will store 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
;; If rax = 1 and rbx = 0, rax stores 0
```

and rax, rbx

> ;; If rax = 1 and rbx = 0, rax will store 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
;; If rax = 1 and rbx = 0, rax stores 1
```

- String instructions
- And others, like I/O, flag control, and bit manipulation instructions

We’ve already seen some of them in action, but in this chapter, we’re going to dive a little deeper into how they work — especially when it comes to working with data.

## Data transfer instructions

Data transfer instructions are used to move data between memory and general-purpose registers. One of the most commonly used and familiar instructions is `mov`. We use it to:

- Move data between general-purpose registers
- Move an immediate value to a general-purpose register
- Move data between memory and general-purpose registers

The first two cases are simple. We just specify two general-purpose registers we want to use to move data. For example, to copy the value of the `rcx` register into `rax`, we can use:

```assembly
mov rax, rcx
```

To put value `5` into the `rax` register, we use:

```assembly
mov rax, 5
```

To move data between general-purpose registers and memory, we should use a special syntax with square brackets. For example, to store the value of the `rax` register into the memory address specified by the `rcx` register, use:

```assembly
mov [rcx], rax
```

> In addition, extended instructions can be useful when you need to move smaller values into larger registers. These instructions are `movsx` and `movzx`. The purpose of these instructions should be clear if you ask yourself a question: when I move an 8-bit or 16-bit value into a 32-bit or 64-bit register, what should happen to the unused upper bits? The `movzx` instruction fills the upper bits with `0`. The `movsx` instruction copies the [sign bit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_bit) to the upper bits. In a case of the `movsx` instruction it means that if we move an integer number from a smaller register to a bigger, the upper bits of the bigger register will be filled with `0` if the number was positive and with `1` if negative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, extended instructions can be useful when you need to move smaller values into larger registers. These instructions are `movsx` and `movzx`. The purpose of these instructions should be clear if you ask yourself a question: when I move an 8-bit or 16-bit value into a 32-bit or 64-bit register, what should happen to the unused upper bits? The `movzx` instruction fills the upper bits with `0`. The `movsx` instruction copies the [sign bit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_bit) to the upper bits. In the case of the `movsx` instruction, when moving an integer number from a smaller register to a bigger one, the upper bits of the bigger register are filled with `0` if the number is positive, and with `1` if the number is negative.
```

        xor rcx, rcx
        ;; Store the address of the input string in the rsi register.
        mov rsi, INPUT
        ;; Store the address of the output buffer in the rdi register.
        mov  rdi, OUTPUT
        ;; Call the reverseStringAndPrint procedure.
        call reverseStringAndPrint
```

At the beginning of our program, we need to:

- Set the value of the `rcx` register to `0`. We will use this register to store the length of the input string that we need to reverse.
- Point the `rsi` register to the input string.
- Point the `rdi` register to the output buffer that will store the reversed string.

After that, we need to call the `reverseStringAndPrint` procedure to calculate the length of the input string and reverse it. Let's take a look at the implementation of this procedure:

```assembly
;; Calculate the length of the input string and prepare to reverse it.
reverseStringAndPrint:
        ;; Compare the first element in the given string with the NUL terminator (end of the string).
        cmp byte [rsi], 0
        ;; If we reached the end of the input string, reverse it.
        je reverseString

>         ;; Load byte from the rsi to al register and move pointer to the next character in the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ;; Load a byte from the rsi to al register and move the pointer to the next character in the string.
```

- `df` - [direction flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direction_flag) - Set if the strings are processed from highest to lowest address.

The most common control transfer instructions are:

- `jmp` - Jump on the given address of a program.
- `je` and `jne` - Jump if the previous comparison operation showed that operands are equal or not.
- `jz` and `jnz` - Jump if the previous comparison operation set zero flag to `1` or `0`.
- `jg` and `jl` - Jump if the previous comparison operation resulted that one operand is greater or smaller than another.
- `jge` and `jle` - Jump if the previous comparison operation resulted that one operand is greater (or equal) or smaller (or equal) than another.

For example:

```assembly
;; Compare the values of the rax and rbx registers
cmp rax, rbx
;; Jump if the values are not equal
jne label_if_not_equal
```

## String instructions

There is no such data type as a string but nothing stops us to put string-like data into memory and operate on it. `x86_64` CPU provides special instructions to manipulate with such data. Some of these instructions are:

> - `movs(b|w|d|q)` - moves copy a byte, word, doubleword, or quadword (depends on the instruction's postfix) from the source to destination. The source string is pointed by the `rsi` registers and the destination string is pointed by the `rdi` registers.
> - `cmps(b|w|d|q)` - compares values of the two memory locations pointed by the `rsi` and `rdi` registers.
> - `scas` - compares a value from a general-purpose register with the value located in the memory address pointed by the `rdi` register.
> - `lods` - loads a value pointed by the `rsi` register to a general-purpose register.
> - `stos` - stores a value from a general-purpose register into memory location pointed by the `rdi` register and increments the memory address located there.
> - `rep` - repeats one of the instruction above while the value of the `rcx` register is not `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `movs(b|w|d|q)` - moves a byte, word, doubleword, or quadword (depends on the instruction's postfix) from the source to the destination. The `rsi` registers point to the source string, and the `rdi` registers point to the destination string.
- `cmps(b|w|d|q)` - compares values of two memory locations pointed by the `rsi` and `rdi` registers.
- `scas` - compares a value from a general-purpose register with the value located in the memory address pointed by the `rdi` register.
- `lods` - loads a value pointed by the `rsi` register to a general-purpose register.
- `stos` - stores a value from a general-purpose register into the memory location pointed by the `rdi` register and increments the memory address located there.
- `rep` - repeats one of the instructions above while the value of the `rcx` register is not `0`.
```

Reviewer: > - `movs(b|w|d|q)` - moves copy a byte, word, doubleword...

Wasn't sure what the word "copy' means here 🤔 
Felt a bit redundant.

Author: Great catch.

> The example of the usage of these instructions we will see in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will see an example of how to use these instructions in the next section.
```

- String instructions
- And others, like I/O, flag control, and bit manipulation instructions

We’ve already seen some of them in action, but in this chapter, we’re going to dive a little deeper into how they work — especially when it comes to working with data.

## Data transfer instructions

Data transfer instructions are used to move data between memory and general-purpose registers. One of the most commonly used and familiar instructions is `mov`. We use it to:

- Move data between general-purpose registers
- Move an immediate value to a general-purpose register
- Move data between memory and general-purpose registers

The first two cases are simple. We just specify two general-purpose registers we want to use to move data. For example, to copy the value of the `rcx` register into `rax`, we can use:

```assembly
mov rax, rcx
```

To put value `5` into the `rax` register, we use:

```assembly
mov rax, 5
```

To move data between general-purpose registers and memory, we should use a special syntax with square brackets. For example, to store the value of the `rax` register into the memory address specified by the `rcx` register, use:

```assembly
mov [rcx], rax
```

> In addition, extended instructions can be useful when you need to move smaller values into larger registers. These instructions are `movsx` and `movzx`. The purpose of these instructions should be clear if you ask yourself a question: when I move an 8-bit or 16-bit value into a 32- or 64-bit register, what should happen to the unused upper bits? The `movzx` instruction fills the upper bits with `0`, and the `movsx` instruction copies the sign bit to the upper bits.

Reviewer: > The `movzx` instruction fills the upper bits with `0`, and the `movsx` instruction copies the sign bit to the upper bits.

I do not understand... what is the sign bit?

Next we define the `.bss` section for our buffer, where we will put reversed string:

```assembly
;; Definition of the .bss section.
section .bss
        ;; Output buffer where the reversed string will be stored.
        OUTPUT  resb 1
```

Now after we defined data needed to build our program we can define the `.text` section of our program with the code:

```assembly
;; Definition of the .text section.
section .text
        ;; Reference to the entry point of our program.
        global  _start

;; Entry point of the program.
_start:
        ;; Set rcx value to 0. It will be used as a storage for the input string length.
        xor rcx, rcx
        ;; Store the address of the input string in the rsi register.
        mov rsi, INPUT
        ;; Store the address of the output buffer in the rdi register.
        mov  rdi, OUTPUT
        ;; Clear direction flag. To handle string from left to right.
        cld
        ;; Call the reverseStringAndPrint procedure.
        call reverseStringAndPrint
```

In the beginning of our program we do some preparations:

> - Reset the value of the `rcx` register to `0`. This register we will use to store the length of the input string that we need to reverse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the value of the `rcx` register to `0`. We will use this register to store the length of the input string that we need to reverse.
```

- Point the `rsi` register to the input string.
- Point the `rdi` register to the output buffer that will store the reversed string.

> - Clear the [direction flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direction_flag). We need to do that to handle our string from the left to right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clear the [direction flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direction_flag) to handle the string from left to right.
```

> After we prepared data we call the `reverseStringAndPrint` procedure that will calculate the length of the input string and reverse it. Let's take a look at the implementation of this procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, we need to call the `reverseStringAndPrint` procedure to calculate the length of the input string and reverse it. Let's take a look at the implementation of this procedure:
```

```assembly
;; Calculate the length of the input string and prepare to reverse it.
reverseStringAndPrint:
        ;; Compare the first element in the given string with the NUL terminator (end of the string).
        cmp byte [rsi], 0
        ;; If we reached the end of the input string, reverse it.
        je reverseString
        ;; Load byte from the rsi to al register and move pointer to the next character in the string.
        lodsb
        ;; Save the character of the input string on the stack.
        push rax
        ;; Increase the counter that stores the length of our input string.
        inc rcx

>         ;; Continue to go over the input string if we did not reach end of if.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ;; Continue to go over the input string if we did not reach its end.
```

        jmp reverseStringAndPrint
```

> In the beginning of this procedure we compare the value pointed by the `rsi` register with `0`. Here `0` means is the end of the input string as each string is [NUL terminated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null-terminated_string). If we reached the end of the input string we jump to the `reverseString` label that will reverse our string. Otherwise we take character by character from the input string with the `loadsb` instruction and store them on the stack. It is very convenient to store the string's characters on the stack. Since the stack has [LIFO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack_(abstract_data_type)) access pattern, we will pop the characters from the stack in reversed order - from the end to the beginning. That actually allows us to reverse the string. This procedure is [recursive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion) and will be called again and again while we will not reach the end of the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the beginning of this procedure, we compare the value pointed to by the `rsi` register with `0`. Here, `0` means the end of the input string, as each string is [NUL-terminated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null-terminated_string). If we reach the end of the input string, we jump to the `reverseString` label, which will reverse our string. Otherwise, we take characters one by one from the input string using the `loadsb` instruction and store them on the stack. It is very convenient to store the string's characters on the stack. Since the stack has a [LIFO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack_(abstract_data_type)) access pattern, we will pop the characters from the stack in reverse order — from the end to the beginning. This allows us to reverse the string. This procedure is [recursive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion) and will be called repeatedly until we reach the end of the string.
```

Reviewer: The link at LIFO leads to the stack wiki page. Should it be like that?

> After we reached the end of the string we can reverse it. We will do it using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reaching the end of the string, we can reverse it. We will do it using the following code:
```

```assembly
;; Reverse the string and store it in the output buffer.
reverseString:
        ;; Check the counter that stores the length of the string.
        cmp rcx, 0
        ;; If it is equal to `0`, print the reverse string.
        je printResult
        ;; Pop the character from the stack.
        pop rax
        ;; Put the character to the output buffer.
        mov [rdi], rax
        ;; Move the pointer to the next character in the output buffer.
        inc rdi
        ;; Decrease the counter of the length of the string.
        dec rcx

>         ;; Move to the next character while we did not reach the end of the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ;; Move to the next character until we reach the end of the string.
```

        jmp reverseString
```

> In the first two lines of the code we check the counter that stores the length of our string and if it is equal to `0`, it means that we finished to reverse the string and time to push it with the `printResult` procedure. Otherwise, we pop the character from the stack to the `rax` register and put it to the address pointed by the `rdi`. During these operations we do two additional procedures: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first two lines of the code, we check the counter that stores the length of our string. If it is equal to `0`, the string reversal is finished, and we can push it with the `printResult` procedure. Otherwise, we pop the character from the stack to the `rax` register and put it to the address pointed by the `rdi` register. During these operations, we call two additional procedures to: 
```

Reviewer: which procedures?

> - Decrease the counter that stores the length of the string to exit from the procedure when we will reach the end of the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrease the counter that stores the length of the string to exit from the procedure when we reach the end of the string.
```

- Increment the address stored in the `rdi` register to point to the next free space in the output buffer for the next character.

> In the end of the execution of the `reverseString`, we should have reversed string in the output buffer. Time to print it and exit from our program with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of executing `reverseString`, we should have a reversed string in the output buffer. It's time to print it and exit our program with:
```

```assembly
;; Print the reversed string to the standard output.
printResult:

>         ;; Set the the length of the result string to print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ;; Set the length of the result string to print.
```

        mov rdx, rdi
        ;; Specify the system call number (1 is `sys_write`).
        mov rax, SYS_WRITE
        ;; Set the first argument of `sys_write` to 1 (`stdout`).
        mov rdi, STD_OUT
        ;; Set the second argument of `sys_write` to the reference of the result string to print.
        mov rsi, OUTPUT
        ;; Call the `sys_write` system call.
        syscall

>         ;; Set the the length of the result string to print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ;; Set the length of the result string to print.
```

        mov rdx, NEW_LINE_LEN
        ;; Specify the system call number (1 is `sys_write`).
        mov rax, SYS_WRITE
        ;; Set the first argument of `sys_write` to 1 (`stdout`).
        mov rdi, STD_OUT
        ;; Set the second argument of `sys_write` to the reference of the result string to print.
        mov rsi, NEW_LINE
        ;; Call the `sys_write` system call.
        syscall

        ;; Specify the number of the system call (60 is `sys_exit`).
        mov rax, SYS_EXIT
        ;; Set the first argument of `sys_exit` to 0. The 0 status code is a success.
        mov rdi, EXIT_CODE
        ;; Call the `sys_exit` system call.
        syscall
```

> If you carefully read the previous chapters, the code above no need in explanation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you carefully read the previous chapters, the code above needs no explanation. 
```

> At this point our program is ready and as usual we can build it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, our program is ready, and we can build it as usual:
```

```bash
$ nasm -g -f elf64 -o reverse.o reverse.asm
$ ld -o reverse reverse.o
```

Then, try to run it:

```bash
$ ./reverse
!dlrow olleH
```

> Works as expected 🎉🎉🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Works as expected! 🎉🎉🎉
```

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Conclusions
```

> We got familiar with more assembly instructions in this chapter. It means, you already may write more-less advanced programs using assembly programming language 🥳. More information about different instructions for `x86_64` you can find in the [Intel manuals](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-sdm.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this chapter, we got familiar with more assembly instructions, which means that you can already write more or less advanced programs using assembly programming language. Good job! 🥳. 

For more information about different instructions for `x86_64`, go to the [Intel manuals](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-sdm.html).
```
